Readme File Added (#1)
diwash007/Win-Aliases: README.md

# Win-Aliases
---
## Each of these .bat file helps you from writing repetative long Python command on CMD.

**To use these .bat file, add the folder's path containing these file to PATH environment variable.**
##### Start server
- Instead of using `Python manage.py runserver` everytime

> - Run `mpy` which is an aliases for `Python manage.py runserver`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `mpy` which is an alias for `python manage.py`
```

- Then type `pm runserver` to run a server
##### Activate Virtual environment
- Instead of using `scripts/bin/activate` everytime to activate virtual environment

> - Run `venv`
> - Then type `venv` to activate virtual machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `venv` to activate the virtual environment
```
